com/utils/GitUtils.java
 com.utils.GitUtils
com/inferrules/core/languageAdapters/ILanguageAdapter.java
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.ILanguageAdapter
com/utils/Assertions.java
 com.utils.Assertions
 com.utils.UnimplementedError
com/inferrules/core/languageAdapters/PythonAdapter.java
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.PythonAdapter
Java8Parser.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AdditionalBoundContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AdditiveExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AmbiguousNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AndExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationTypeBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationTypeDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationTypeElementDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationTypeElementModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AnnotationTypeMemberDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArgumentListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayAccessContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayAccess_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayAccess_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayCreationExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayInitializerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ArrayTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AssertStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AssignmentContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AssignmentExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$AssignmentOperatorContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BasicForStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BasicForStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BlockContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BlockStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BlockStatementsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$BreakStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CastExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CatchClauseContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CatchFormalParameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CatchTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CatchesContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassBodyDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassInstanceCreationExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassInstanceCreationExpression_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassInstanceCreationExpression_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassMemberDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassType_lf_classOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ClassType_lfno_classOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$CompilationUnitContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConditionalAndExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConditionalExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConditionalOrExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstantDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstantExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstantModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstructorBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstructorDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstructorDeclaratorContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ConstructorModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ContinueStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$DefaultValueContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$DimExprContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$DimExprsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$DimsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$DoStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ElementValueArrayInitializerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ElementValueContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ElementValueListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ElementValuePairContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ElementValuePairListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EmptyStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnhancedForStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnhancedForStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumBodyDeclarationsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumConstantContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumConstantListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumConstantModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumConstantNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EnumDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$EqualityExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExceptionTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExceptionTypeListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExclusiveOrExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExplicitConstructorInvocationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExpressionNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExpressionStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ExtendsInterfacesContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FieldAccessContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FieldAccess_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FieldAccess_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FieldDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FieldModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$Finally_Context
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FloatingPointTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ForInitContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ForStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ForStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ForUpdateContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FormalParameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FormalParameterListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$FormalParametersContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$IfThenElseStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$IfThenElseStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$IfThenStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ImportDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InclusiveOrExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InferredFormalParameterListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InstanceInitializerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$IntegralTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceMemberDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceMethodDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceMethodModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceTypeListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceType_lf_classOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$InterfaceType_lfno_classOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LabeledStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LabeledStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LambdaBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LambdaExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LambdaParametersContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LastFormalParameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LeftHandSideContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LiteralContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LocalVariableDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$LocalVariableDeclarationStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MarkerAnnotationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodBodyContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodDeclaratorContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodHeaderContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodInvocationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodInvocation_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodInvocation_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodReferenceContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodReference_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MethodReference_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$MultiplicativeExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$NormalAnnotationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$NormalClassDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$NormalInterfaceDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$NumericTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PackageDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PackageModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PackageNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PackageOrTypeNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PostDecrementExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PostDecrementExpression_lf_postfixExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PostIncrementExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PostIncrementExpression_lf_postfixExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PostfixExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PreDecrementExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PreIncrementExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArrayContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lf_arrayAccessContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lf_primary_lf_arrayAccess_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lf_primary_lfno_arrayAccess_lf_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lfno_arrayAccessContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lfno_primary_lf_arrayAccess_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimaryNoNewArray_lfno_primary_lfno_arrayAccess_lfno_primaryContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$PrimitiveTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ReceiverParameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ReferenceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$RelationalExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ResourceContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ResourceListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ResourceSpecificationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ResultContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ReturnStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ShiftExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SimpleTypeNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SingleElementAnnotationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SingleStaticImportDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SingleTypeImportDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StatementExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StatementExpressionListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StatementWithoutTrailingSubstatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StaticImportOnDemandDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$StaticInitializerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SuperclassContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SuperinterfacesContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SwitchBlockContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SwitchBlockStatementGroupContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SwitchLabelContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SwitchLabelsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SwitchStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$SynchronizedStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$ThrowStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$Throws_Context
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TryStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TryWithResourcesStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeArgumentContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeArgumentListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeArgumentsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeArgumentsOrDiamondContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeBoundContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeImportOnDemandDeclarationContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeNameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeParameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeParameterListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeParameterModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeParametersContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$TypeVariableContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannArrayTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannClassTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannClassType_lf_unannClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannClassType_lfno_unannClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannInterfaceType_lf_unannClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannInterfaceType_lfno_unannClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannPrimitiveTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannReferenceTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannTypeContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnannTypeVariableContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnaryExpressionContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$UnaryExpressionNotPlusMinusContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableDeclaratorContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableDeclaratorIdContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableDeclaratorListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableInitializerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableInitializerListContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$VariableModifierContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$WhileStatementContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$WhileStatementNoShortIfContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$WildcardBoundsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Parser$WildcardContext
com/inferrules/core/VariableNameGenerator.java
 com.inferrules.core.VariableNameGenerator
com/inferrules/core/TemplateVariable.java
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateVariable
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateVariable$Type
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateVariable$Type$1
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateVariable$Type$2
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateVariable$Type$3
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/Range.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.Range
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/CombyRewrite.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.CombyRewrite
PythonParserBaseVisitor.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParserBaseVisitor
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/Start.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.Start
com/inferrules/core/Node.java
 com.inferrules.core.Node
com/inferrules/Infer.java
 com.inferrules.Infer
com/inferrules/parsers/PythonLexerBase.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonLexerBase
com/inferrules/parsers/PythonVersion.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonVersion
com/utils/FileIO.java
 com.utils.FileIO
com/inferrules/core/languageAdapters/Language.java
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.Language
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.Language$1
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.Language$2
Java8ParserVisitor.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8ParserVisitor
PythonLexer.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonLexer
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/CombySubstitute.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.CombySubstitute
com/inferrules/parsers/PythonParserBase.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParserBase
com/inferrules/utils/Utilities.java
 com.inferrules.utils.Utilities
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/Environment.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.Environment
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/Match.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.Match
com/matching/URLModule.java
 com.matching.URLModule
com/inferrules/core/languageAdapters/JavaAdapter.java
 com.inferrules.core.languageAdapters.JavaAdapter
Java8ParserBaseVisitor.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8ParserBaseVisitor
com/inferrules/core/TemplateNode.java
 com.inferrules.core.TemplateNode
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/End.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.End
com/inferrules/core/Template.java
 com.inferrules.core.Template
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/TypeInfo/TypeASTNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.TypeInfo.TypeASTNode
Java8Lexer.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.Java8Lexer
com/inferrules/core/RewriteRule.java
 com.inferrules.core.RewriteRule
com/inferrules/comby/operations/BasicCombyOperations.java
 com.inferrules.comby.operations.BasicCombyOperations
PythonParserVisitor.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParserVisitor
com/inferrules/InferredRewriteRule.java
 com.inferrules.InferredRewriteRule
PythonParser.java
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ArglistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ArgsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ArgumentContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ArgumentsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Assert_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Assign_partContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$AtomContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Break_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Class_or_func_def_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ClassdefContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Comp_forContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Comp_iterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ComparisonContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Compound_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Continue_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$DecoratorContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Def_parameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Def_parametersContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Del_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$DictorsetmakerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Dotted_as_nameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Dotted_as_namesContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Dotted_nameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Elif_clauseContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Else_clauseContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Eval_inputContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Except_clauseContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Exec_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ExprContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Expr_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$ExprlistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$File_inputContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Finally_clauseContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$For_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$From_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$FuncdefContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Global_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$If_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Import_as_nameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Import_as_namesContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Import_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$IntegerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$KwargsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Logical_testContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$NameContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Named_parameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Nonlocal_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$NumberContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Pass_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Print_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Raise_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Return_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$RootContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Simple_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Single_inputContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$SliceopContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Small_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Star_exprContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$StmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$SubscriptContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$SubscriptlistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$SuiteContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$TestContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$TestlistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Testlist_compContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Testlist_star_exprContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$TrailerContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Try_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$TypedargslistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$VarargsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$VarargslistContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Vardef_parameterContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Vardef_parametersContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$VarkwargsContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$While_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$With_itemContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$With_stmtContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Yield_argContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Yield_exprContext
 com.inferrules.parsers.PythonParser$Yield_stmtContext
com/inferrules/comby/jsonResponse/CombyMatch.java
 com.inferrules.comby.jsonResponse.CombyMatch
com/matching/fgpdg/Configurations.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.Configurations
com/prune/WALAEngine.java
 com.prune.WALAEngine
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGAlphHole.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGAlphHole
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGControlEdge.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGControlEdge
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGDataEdge.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGDataEdge
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGDataEdge$1
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGDataEdge$Type
com/adaptrule/LHSNormalizer.java
 com.adaptrule.LHSNormalizer
com/adaptrule/Util.java
 com.adaptrule.Util
 com.adaptrule.Util$CheckChildNode
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/ast/AlphanumericHole.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.ast.AlphanumericHole
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGControlNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGControlNode
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGDataNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGDataNode
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/ast/LazyHole.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.ast.LazyHole
com/adaptrule/Rule.java
 com.adaptrule.Rule
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/TypeInfo/TypeWrapper.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.TypeInfo.TypeWrapper
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.TypeInfo.TypeWrapper$DataTypeClass
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGLazyHole.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGLazyHole
com/matching/fgpdg/MatchedNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.MatchedNode
 com.matching.fgpdg.MatchedNode$DIRECTION
 com.matching.fgpdg.MatchedNode$NODE_PROPERTIES
 com.matching.fgpdg.MatchedNode$SWAPPED
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGEntryNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGEntryNode
com/matching/ConcreatePythonParser.java
 com.matching.ConcreatePythonParser
 com.matching.ConcreatePythonParser$ParentUpdater
 com.matching.ConcreatePythonParser$PyHoleVisitorAndRepair
 com.matching.ConcreatePythonParser$PythonParser
com/adaptrule/HoleSearcher.java
 com.adaptrule.HoleSearcher
com/adaptrule/FindDeletesFromLHS.java
 com.adaptrule.FindDeletesFromLHS
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGActionNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGActionNode
com/utils/DotGraph.java
 com.utils.DotGraph
com/prune/MainPruneEngine.java
 com.prune.MainPruneEngine
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGHoleNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGHoleNode
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/Guards.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.Guards
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.Guards$PyNameVisitor
com/matching/fgpdg/PDGGraph.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.PDGGraph
com/matching/fgpdg/MatchPDG.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.MatchPDG
com/adaptrule/GetFlatAST.java
 com.adaptrule.GetFlatAST
com/utils/NaiveASTFlattener1.java
 com.utils.NaiveASTFlattener1
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGEdge.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGEdge
com/matching/fgpdg/PDGBuildingContext.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.PDGBuildingContext
com/matching/fgpdg/nodes/PDGNode.java
 com.matching.fgpdg.nodes.PDGNode
com/adaptrule/DeleteAndUpdateVisitor.java
 com.adaptrule.DeleteAndUpdateVisitor
com/adaptrule/CollectChangedNames.java
 com.adaptrule.CollectChangedNames
com/utils/Utils.java
 com.utils.Utils
 com.utils.Utils$1
 com.utils.Utils$Interval
com/adaptrule/RenameLHSVisitor.java
 com.adaptrule.RenameLHSVisitor
com/adaptrule/AdaptRule.java
 com.adaptrule.AdaptRule
com/MainAdaptor.java
 com.MainAdaptor
